---
layout: event-post
serie: Anniversary Symposium
# categories: [blog]
name: 2022 BTBA 10th Anniversary Symposium & Gala
tags: []
date-and-time: 2022-07-23, 9 AM to 2022-07-24, 1PM
location: Northwest Science Building
organizers: ['BTBA']
attend: Free
fb-link: https://www.facebook.com/events/771861200466973
---

- The 10th BTBA Annual Symposium Now Open for Registration
- Registration is now open for the 2022 BTBA 10th Anniversary Symposium. It is scheduled for July 23-24, at the Harvard University Northwest Science Building, in Cambridge, MA.
Limited early bird tickets are now on sale till 5/31. [Registration](https://www.btbatw.org/2022/)
- Featured keynote speakers at the symposium include Dr. Robert Langer, David H. Koch Institute Professor at MIT, and Dr. Jo Viney, founder, President, and CEO of Seismic Therapeutics. In addition to the keynote, Dr. Timothy Yu, a world-leading expert in personalized medicine at Harvard Medical School, will be our speaker for a special talk.
- In addition to the keynote sessions, 2022 Symposium speakers will cover a range of topics including career roadmap in academia, management skills, trending topics in data-driven innovation in healthcare industry, startup, how to land a job in industry from academia, and networking sessions.
- To celebrate our 10th anniversary, we would like to invite you to attend our gala on July 23, 6:30 pm. This will be a great opportunity for you to get connected with our distinguished speakers, BTBA committee members, and symposium attendees.
- We are looking forward to seeing you in Boston this summer!
- Take advantage of early bird pricing by registering before May 31.


- Time:
    - July 23, 2022, 9 am (EST) to July 24, 2022, 1 pm (EST)
- Place:
    - Northwest Science Building.
