---
layout: event-post
serie: Career Development Series
# categories: [blog]
name: The Role of Human Genetics in Understanding Cognitive Function and Neurodegenerative Diseases.
tags: []
date-and-time: 2024-04-12, 8–9:30 PM ET
location: Virtual
organizers: ['BTBA']
attend: Register [here](https://forms.gle/nYnkfebfURPeihWy7)
fb-link: https://www.facebook.com/events/1427685081457113
---

Are you fascinated by the mysteries of the human mind? Do you wonder what role human genetics plays in cognitive function and neurodegenerative diseases? Join us for an exciting seminar where two experts in the field will share their exciting research on how genome-wide association studies (GWAS) and cutting-edge computational genomics methods are uncovering the secret behind cognitive abilities and neurodegenerative diseases and on discovering potential disease targets for developing therapeutic interventions. Whether you're looking to enrich your knowledge, contribute to your field, or simply satisfy your curiosity about the human mind, you'll find valuable insights and inspiration here. Don’t miss this opportunity to expand your understanding of the human mind through the lens of genetics. Sign up today!

您是否好奇基因體學在認知功能和神經退行性疾病中扮演的角色？本月英雄帖邀請到兩位基因體學專家分享他們如何利用全基因組關聯研究（GWAS）以及最先進的計算基因組學方法來揭開認知功能和神經退行性疾病背後的秘密，以及如何發現潛在的疾病治療標的來開發新的療法。無論您是想充實自己的知識、為自己的研究做出貢獻，這裡都能找到有價值的見解和靈感。不要錯過這個絕佳機會。立即報名！


### Topic

The Role of Human Genetics in Understanding Cognitive Function and Neurodegenerative Diseases.


### Abstract

Genetics plays a significant role in shaping human cognitive function, which serves as a foundational aspect of numerous psychiatric and neurological conditions. In this presentation, we aim to explore the latest advances in human genetics research in cognitive function and its link with various brain disorders. We will also delve into the implications of these findings for the development of therapeutic interventions.


### Abstract

- 8:00 pm to 9:30 pm (EDT), April 12, 2024 (Friday) Boston
- 8:00 am to 9:30 am (GMT+8), April 13, 2024 (Saturday) Taiwan


### Venue

Online event. The meeting link will be provided at the end of this form and also in a reminder email a few days before the event.


### ️RSVP
<https://forms.gle/nYnkfebfURPeihWy7>


### Speakers

#### Wan-Ping Lee, Ph.D. (李婉萍 博士)

Research Assistant Professor in Pathology and Laboratory Medicine at the Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania.

Wan-Ping Lee, Ph.D. holds the position of Research Assistant Professor in Pathology and Laboratory Medicine at the Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania. Concurrently, she serves as the Associate Director of IT at The National Institute on Aging Genetics of Alzheimer’s Disease Data Storage Site (NIAGADS) and is the Co-Chair of the Alzheimer’s Disease Sequencing Project (ADSP) Structural Variant Working Group.

With a Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering, Wan-Ping is a seasoned Bioinformatics scientist with a robust background in algorithm and software development. Her tools are widely used in population re-sequencing projects and medical sequencing studies, such as the 1000 Genomes Project, the Human Genome Structural Variation Consortium, and the Alzheimer’s Disease Sequencing Project. Since joining the University of Pennsylvania, her team has played a vital role in the ADSP SV Working Group, uniquely positioning her to lead her lab in unraveling the etiology of Alzheimer’s Disease.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/wan-ping-lee-bba68331/


### Chia-Yen Chen, Sc.D. (陳家彥 科學博士)

Associate Director in Computational Biology and Genomics at Biogen.

Chia-Yen Chen, Sc.D., is an Associate Director in Computational Biology and Genomics at Biogen. Dr. Chen’s research focuses on the utilization of human genetics to advance drug development in psychiatric and neurological diseases. His scientific contributions encompass a breadth of topics, including statistical genetics methodologies, biobank research leveraging genomic data and electronic health records (EHR), and large-scale genetic association studies.

Prior to joining Biogen, Dr. Chen was a postdoctoral research fellow at the Psychiatric and Neurodevelopmental Genetics Unit (PNGU) and the Analytic and Translational Genetics Unit (ATGU) at Massachusetts General Hospital and the Stanley Center for Psychiatric Research at the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard. He attained a Sc.D. in Epidemiology and a Sc.M. in Biostatistics from the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, and an M.Sc. in Epidemiology and a B.Sc. in Life Science from National Taiwan University. Dr. Chen actively contributes to the human genetics field as a member of the Psychiatric Genomics Consortium and serves on committees overseeing public-private funded biobanks, including FinnGen and Our Future Health.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/chia-yen-chen/


### Moderator

#### Duane S. Juang, Ph.D. (莊堵安 博士)
Scientist at Quantum Diamond Technologies Inc.

Duane Juang is a Scientist at Quantum Diamond Technologies Inc. (QDTI), a startup developing ultrasensitive immunoassays using quantum sensing technologies originally developed at Harvard University. Duane has a bachelor’s degree from the Department of Life Science at National Tsing Hua University, a PhD in Biomedical Engineering from the University of Wisconsin- Madison, and a PhD in Chemistry from National Tsing Hua University. His primary research focus is on the development of devices and assays for medical diagnostics and biomedical research, with a focus on microfluidic technologies and assay chemistries. Throughout his academic training, he has authored 18 journal articles and 9 patent applications.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/duanesj/
